hello again I'm Rodney Reynolds and
welcome to another video review today
I'm looking at the H is HD 2600 Pro
turbo video card what's included with
the H is HD 2600 Pro video card is a
quick installation guide drivers a DVI
to VGA dongle a DVI to HDMI dongle as
well as a crossfire bridge the new line
of Radeon HD 2000 series cards are
available in a number of different
models the 2900 XT 2900 pro 2600 xt 2600
pro 2400 xt and the 2400 pro these are
all next generation products for the
2400 series our entry-level cards the
2600 series our mid-range cards and a
2900 series our high-end cards so no
matter if you're building a modest home
theater PC or a hardcore gaming system
the 2000 series have something that will
fit your budget the H is HD 2600 Pro
turbo PCI Express video card is based on
the RV 630 chip which is built on the 65
nanometer manufacturing process and has
319 million transistors the cooler on
this card is quite large and it's
comprised of a plastic top with a blower
style fan this fan pulls in cool air and
forces it across the heat sink and then
ports all the warm air outside the case
it's an excellent design that works very
well and is used on most HIAS video card
products the fan is also temperature
controlled which means it automatically
adjust the fan speed based on the video
processing unit temperature to achieve
the best cooling possible now let's have
a closer look at the large heatsink it's
all aluminum with many fins and comes in
direct contact with the GP or core but
it doesn't come in contact with the
memory as video card coolers go this one
is excellent and will have no problem
keeping the video card cool
under default speeds if you are
overclocking I would recommend
additional case cooling just to be safe
this video card has two DVI connections
and a video in connection also note that
this video card doesn't have a power
cable connection like the 2900 series
video cards the core speed on this
product is 700 megahertz and the 256
megabytes of gddr3 128-bit memory
interface is 1400 megahertz
it comes with 120 stream processing
units for vertex pixel and geometry data
the fill rate is approximately 17
gigapixels per second and the memory
bandwidth is approximately 22 gigabytes
per second this video card has too many
technologies to cover in detail in this
video but let me cover the main ones
custom filter anti-aliasing unified
super scalar shader architecture
tessellation high-definition Multimedia
Interface output support and DirectX 10
which is exclusive to Windows Vista
operating system DirectX 10 is the key
technology that stands out because it
offers much better graphics than DirectX
9 in this video you can clearly see the
differences between DirectX 9 and
DirectX 10 DirectX 10 offers more
dynamic lighting added detail realistic
shadows richer scenes complex
environments and so on this is possible
because it manages data between the
sutras and video card much better
this results in optimal use of the CPU
and video card for special tasks like
graphic effects ai and physics resulting
in the best performance possible and
first an unreal gaming experience
additionally another new exciting
technology that's impressive is a vive
all HD video and display platform which
essentially enables superior quality and
a high-definition visual experience this
video card also supports dual display
and this means using two displays rather
than one will tremendously increase work
space this video card is also crossfire
multi-gpu ready these latest ATI video
cards use a small crossfire bridge to
connect each video card together instead
of the cumbersome external cable once
used this makes installation much easier
the 2600 series video cards our
middle-of-the-road
they're not going to come anywhere near
the performance of the 2900 serious
video cards and this is to be expected
so if you're on a budget or if you're
just building a modest home theater PC
the 2600 series of video cards would be
perfect
but if you're a hardcore gamer they will
not be go with a 2900 series for that
overall though this card is great again
my name is Rodney why not suspend the
video of you be sure to check back very
soon and I will have a brand new one for
you there also pop in to my website at
www.att.com/biz distr and remember
registration is completely free also
keep in mind you can find a lot more on
this product in the forums and as a
final note if you love watching my video
reviews please remember to help support
3d gaming mancom if you wish to support
please visit support 3g m.com
until next time take care
our party encouraged so matter it's a
monster Matt matter something lighter
she matters matter that's matter
it's matter so no matter haha durable
especially in a high resolution rel lab
lab mmm trying to say it but I cannot
huh however what this car does give you
is the yeah alright war but yeah